"COMMON STOCK
Effective April 1, 2021, the Company amended and restated its certificate of incorporation to authorize 10,000,000,000 shares of
Class A common stock, 500,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, 500,000,000 shares of undesignated common stock, and 500,000,000
shares of undesignated preferred stock. Shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock will be treated equally,
identically and ratably, on a per share basis, with respect to dividends that may be declared by the Company’s board of directors.
Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote per share, and holders of Class B common stock are entitled to 20 votes
per share. Holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock generally vote together as a single class on all matters
(including the election of directors) submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Company. Upon a liquidation, dissolution or
winding-up of the Company, the assets legally available for distribution to stockholders would be distributed ratably among the
holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock and any participating preferred stock or new series of common stock
outstanding at that time, subject to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities and the preferential rights of and
the payment of liquidation preferences, if any, on any outstanding shares of preferred stock or new series of common stock. Shares
of Class B common stock are convertible at any time at the option of the holder into shares of Class A common stock on a
one-to-one basis. In addition, each share of Class B common stock will automatically convert into a share of Class A common stock
upon a sale or transfer (other than with respect to certain estate planning and other transfers). Further, upon certain events
specified in the restated certificate of incorporation, all outstanding shares of Class B common stock will convert automatically
into shares of Class A common stock.
The Company has reserved shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock for issuance for the following purposes (in
thousands):

September 30,December 31,20222021Class A common stockOptions issued and outstanding under the 2013 Amended and Restated Stock Plan
(the “2013 Plan”)1,036 1,569 Options issued and outstanding under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2019
Plan”)26,365 29,311 RSUs issued and outstanding under the 2019 Plan3,004 5,851 Options issued and outstanding under the 2021
Equity Incentive Plan (the “2021 Plan”) 922 — RSUs issued and outstanding under the 2021 Plan3,690 1,402 Shares available for
future issuance under the 2021 Plan43,794 35,856 Shares available for future issuance under the 2021 ESPP6,941 5,125 Replacement
options issued and outstanding from the Tagomi acquisition1 4 Replacement options issued and outstanding from the Bison Trails
acquisition152 223 RSUs issued and outstanding from other acquisitions160 229 Shares available for future issuance of
warrants2,296 2,296 Total Class A common stock shares reserved88,361 81,866 Class B common stockOptions issued and outstanding
under the 2013 Plan4,935 6,101 Total Class B common stock shares reserved4,935 6,101 

"