"COMMON STOCKEffective April 1, 2021, the Company filed the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, amending and restating its
certificate of incorporation to authorize 10,000,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, 500,000,000 shares of Class B common
stock, 500,000,000 shares of undesignated common stock, and 500,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock. Shares of Class A
common stock and Class B common stock will be treated equally, identically and ratably, on a per share basis, with respect to
dividends that may be declared by the Board. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote per share, and holders of
Class B common stock are entitled to 20 votes per share. Holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock generally vote
together as a single class on all matters (including the election of directors) submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the
Company. Upon a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, the assets legally available for distribution to
stockholders would be distributed ratably among the holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock and any participating
preferred stock or new series of common stock outstanding at that time, subject to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and
liabilities and the preferential rights of and the payment of liquidation preferences, if any, on any outstanding shares of
preferred stock or new series of common stock. Shares of Class B common stock are convertible at any time at the option of the
holder into shares of Class A common stock on a one-to-one basis. In addition, each share of Class B common stock will
automatically convert into a share of Class A common stock upon a sale or transfer (other than with respect to certain estate
planning and other transfers). Further, upon certain events specified in the Restated Certificate of Incorporation, all
outstanding shares of Class B common stock will convert automatically into shares of Class A common stock.
The Company has reserved shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock for issuance for the following purposes (in
thousands):

December 31,20222021Class A common stockOptions issued and outstanding under the 2013 Amended and Restated Stock Plan (the “2013
Plan”)982 1,569 Options issued and outstanding under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2019 Plan”)25,314 29,311 RSUs issued and
outstanding under the 2019 Plan2,418 5,851 Options issued and outstanding under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2021 Plan”)
862 — RSUs issued and outstanding under the 2021 Plan2,911 1,402 Shares available for future issuance under the 2021
Plan42,819 35,856 Shares available for future issuance under the ESPP6,701 5,125 Replacement options issued and outstanding from
the Tagomi acquisition1 4 Replacement options issued and outstanding from the Bison Trails acquisition134 223 RSUs issued and
outstanding from other acquisitions— 229 Shares available for future issuance of warrants2,296 2,296 Total Class A common stock
shares reserved84,438 81,866 Class B common stockOptions issued and outstanding under the 2013 Plan4,502 6,101 Total Class B
common stock shares reserved4,502 6,101 

"